README.md, before:

# Better YouTube

> A Chrome Extension to make your YouTube experience Better

## Features

#### Skip Ads

It automatically detects and skips through YouTube ads.

> NOTE: You might need to click on "Skip Ad" on some ads.

---

#### Total and Remaining Duration of Playlists

View the total duration of a YouTube video and the remaining time left to watch.

![PlaylistDurationExample](https://github.com/AnanjanRaghavKhajuria/BetterYouTube/assets/116965579/9d6b0c9d-2111-477c-82a0-f38eb8f1c389)

The highlighted area in the red box displays the Total Duration Timestamp. Click on it to toggle to the Remaining Duration.

> NOTE: Remaining Duration only works with your YouTube Watch History turned on.

---

#### Playback speeds of up to 16x

A range slider to play YouTube videos at up to 16x speed.

![PlaybackSpeedExample](https://github.com/AnanjanRaghavKhajuria/BetterYouTube/assets/116965579/fa7ac7cb-e953-43ed-b2a7-ff492b44c9f7)

The arrow points to the range slider, which can be used to control the Playback Speed of the video.

## Installation

1. Download the [zip file](https://github.com/AnanjanRaghavKhajuria/BetterYouTube/archive/refs/heads/main.zip)
2. Save the downloaded folder anywhere you like (don't delete it)
3. Open Chrome and go to chrome://extensions/
4. Turn on the Developer mode
5. Click on Load unpacked 
6. Now browse and select the unzipped folder

> NOTE: Don't delete the unzipped file


### Disclaimer

 This software is provided for educational purposes only and, Is provided "AS IS", without warranty of any kind, express or implied, including but not limited to the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement. In no event shall the authors or copyright holders be liable for any claim, damages, or other liability, whether in an action of contract, tort, or otherwise, arising from, out of, or in connection with the software or the use or other dealings in the software.

Commit message:

Added New Feature: Video Remaining Time Considering Playback Speed

README.md, after:

# Better YouTube

> A Chrome Extension to make your YouTube experience Better

## Features

#### Skip Ads

It automatically detects and skips through YouTube ads.

> NOTE: You might need to click on "Skip Ad" on some ads.

---

#### Total and Remaining Duration of Playlists

View the total duration of a YouTube video and the remaining time left to watch.

![PlaylistDurationExample](https://github.com/AnanjanRaghavKhajuria/BetterYouTube/assets/116965579/9d6b0c9d-2111-477c-82a0-f38eb8f1c389)

The highlighted area in the red box displays the Total Duration Timestamp. Click on it to toggle to the Remaining Duration.

> NOTE: Remaining Duration only works with your YouTube Watch History turned on.

---

#### Playback speeds of up to 16x

A range slider to play YouTube videos at up to 16x speed.

![PlaybackSpeedExample](https://github.com/AnanjanRaghavKhajuria/BetterYouTube/assets/116965579/fa7ac7cb-e953-43ed-b2a7-ff492b44c9f7)

The arrow points to the range slider, which can be used to control the Playback Speed of the video.

#### Video Remaining Time Considering Playback Speed

It shows you the remaining time of the video you're watching while taking the playback speed also into consideration.

![Screenshot 2024-06-18 004507](https://github.com/AnanjanRaghavKhajuria/BetterYouTube/assets/116965579/b48f177c-3aec-4731-b8c3-7c240702982e)

## Installation

1. Download the [zip file](https://github.com/AnanjanRaghavKhajuria/BetterYouTube/archive/refs/heads/main.zip)
2. Save the downloaded folder anywhere you like (don't delete it)
3. Open Chrome and go to chrome://extensions/
4. Turn on the Developer mode
5. Click on Load unpacked 
6. Now browse and select the unzipped folder

> NOTE: Don't delete the unzipped file


### Disclaimer

 This software is provided for educational purposes only and, Is provided "AS IS", without warranty of any kind, express or implied, including but not limited to the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement. In no event shall the authors or copyright holders be liable for any claim, damages, or other liability, whether in an action of contract, tort, or otherwise, arising from, out of, or in connection with the software or the use or other dealings in the software.
